docs: add UserWantToPlayList endpoint (#52)
RetroAchievements/api-docs: docs/v1/get-user-want-to-play-list.md

## Client Library

::: code-group

```ts [NodeJS]
import {
  buildAuthorization,
  getUserWantToPlayList,
} from "@retroachievements/api";

// First, build your authorization object.
const username = "<your username on RA>";
const webApiKey = "<your web API key>";

const authorization = buildAuthorization({ username, webApiKey });

// Then, make the API call.
const userWantToPlayList = await getUserWantToPlayList(authorization, {
  username: "MaxMilyin",
});
```

```kotlin [Kotlin]
val credentials = RetroCredentials("<username>", "<web api key>")
val api: RetroInterface = RetroClient(credentials).api

val response: NetworkResponse<GetUserWantToPlayList.Response, ErrorResponse> = api.getUserWantToPlayList(
    username = "MaxMilyin",
)

if (response is NetworkResponse.Success) {
    // handle the data
    val completionProgress: GetUserWantToPlayList.Response = response.body

} else if (response is NetworkResponse.Error) {
    // if the server returns an error it be found here
    val errorResponse: ErrorResponse? = response.body

    // if the api (locally) had an internal error, it'll be found here
    val internalError: Throwable? = response.error
}
```

> :::

Reviewer: Let's leave this as:

```md
## Client Library

Not yet supported.
```

For now.

## Response

::: code-group

```json [HTTP Response]
{
  "Count": 100,
  "Total": 1287,
  "Results": [
    {
      "GameID": 20246,
      "Title": "~Hack~ Knuckles the Echidna in Sonic the Hedgehog",
      "ImageIcon": "/Images/074560.png",
      "ConsoleID": 1,
      "PointsTotal": 1500,
      "AchievementsPublished": 50
    }
    // ...
  ]
}
```

```json [NodeJS]
{
  "count": 100,
  "total": 1287,
  "results": [
    {
      "gameId": 20246,
      "title": "~Hack~ Knuckles the Echidna in Sonic the Hedgehog",
      "imageIcon": "/Images/074560.png",
      "consoleId": 1,
      "pointsTotal": 1500,
      "achievementsPublished": 50
    }
    // ...
  ]
}

> ```

Reviewer: Safe to remove this

:::

## Source

| Repo       | URL                                                                                                                  |
| :--------- | :------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| RAWeb      | https://github.com/RetroAchievements/RAWeb/blob/master/public/API/API_GetUserWantToPlayList.php                      |
| api-js     | https://github.com/RetroAchievements/api-js/blob/main/src/user/getUserWantToPlayList.ts                              |

> | api-kotlin | https://github.com/RetroAchievements/api-kotlin/blob/main/src/main/kotlin/org/retroachivements/api/RetroInterface.kt |

Author: I wasn't sure about these two links

Reviewer: Should be removed for the time being

<script setup>
import SampleRequest from '../components/SampleRequest.vue';
</script>

# User Want to Play List

> A call to this endpoint will retrieve a giver user's want to play list, targeted by their username. Results will only show if the user calling matches the username provided or both users follow each other on the website.

Author: this is a little wordy. Open to suggestions.

Reviewer: > A call to this endpoint will retrieve a given user's "Want to Play Games" list, targeted by their username. Results will only be returned if the target user is yourself, or if both you and the target user follow each other.

[[toc]]

## On-site Representation

> A user's want to play list can be found on on the user's Want to Play Games page:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The user's Want to Play Games list page looks like:
```

> ![Want to Play](/want-to-play-list.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Want to Play Games List](/want-to-play-list.png)
```

A user's want to play list can be found on on the user's Want to Play Games page:

![Want to Play](/want-to-play-list.png)

## HTTP Request

<SampleRequest httpVerb="GET">https://retroachievements.org/API/API_GetUserWantToPlayList.php?u=MaxMilyin</SampleRequest>

### Query Parameters

| Name | Required? | Description                                                  |
| :--- | :-------- | :----------------------------------------------------------- |
| `z`  | Yes       | Your username.                                               |
| `y`  | Yes       | Your web API key.                                            |
| `u`  | Yes       | The target username.                                         |
| `c`  |           | Count, number of records to return (default: 100, max: 500). |
| `o`  |           | Offset, number of entries to skip (default: 0).              |

## Client Library

Not yet supported.

:::

## Response

::: code-group

```json [HTTP Response]
{
  "Count": 100,
  "Total": 1287,
  "Results": [
    {
      "GameID": 20246,
      "Title": "~Hack~ Knuckles the Echidna in Sonic the Hedgehog",
      "ImageIcon": "/Images/074560.png",
      "ConsoleID": 1,

>       "PointsTotal": 1500,

Reviewer: ConsoleName should be documented here too.

https://github.com/RetroAchievements/RAWeb/pull/2549/files#diff-64244a633e1006f4f355365ef4af32e102627504f2f3056e5a056a22afba744fR59

<script setup>
import SampleRequest from '../components/SampleRequest.vue';
</script>

> # User Want to Play Lost

Author: ```suggestion
# User Want to Play List
```

> A call to this endpoint will retrieve a giver user's want to play list, targeted by their username.

Author: ```suggestion
A call to this endpoint will retrieve a given user's want to play list, targeted by their username.
```

A user's want to play list can be found on on the user's Want to Play Games page:

![Want to Play](/want-to-play-list.png)

## HTTP Request

<SampleRequest httpVerb="GET">https://retroachievements.org/API/API_GetUserWantToPlayList.php?u=MaxMilyin</SampleRequest>

### Query Parameters

| Name | Required? | Description                                                  |
| :--- | :-------- | :----------------------------------------------------------- |
| `z`  | Yes       | Your username.                                               |
| `y`  | Yes       | Your web API key.                                            |
| `u`  | Yes       | The target username.                                         |
| `c`  |           | Count, number of records to return (default: 100, max: 500). |
| `o`  |           | Offset, number of entries to skip (default: 0).              |

## Client Library

Not yet supported.

:::

## Response

::: code-group

```json [HTTP Response]
{
  "Count": 100,
  "Total": 1287,
  "Results": [
    {
      "GameID": 20246,
      "Title": "~Hack~ Knuckles the Echidna in Sonic the Hedgehog",
      "ImageIcon": "/Images/074560.png",
      "ConsoleID": 1,

>       "ConsoleID": "Genesis/Mega Drive",

Author: ```suggestion
      "ConsoleName": "Genesis/Mega Drive",
```
